Make it rain app

/todo 50
    You can search for items in the attributes section of ui by clicking the search icon
    Clicking on the right of the entry field will open resources where you can browse Android colors (uses @android:colors for example "@android:color/holo_blue_light"

todo 51
    text into string
    Layoutwidth if hardcoded it goes to the side of the window. Hence use wrap contents to get it to the center
    Harcoded strings to in strings.xml. you can add one by startign a <string tag.  @tells it to take it from a ref
    Triangle warning as well
    Can also set up by using @string and then use extract string resource from helper

todo 52
        R.java is  resources class to link code to all resources
        findview by id uses (R.id....) to get the correct resources
        Can be used for Android inbnuilt resources like images or xml

todo   53
        Onclick via xml
        setcontent view R.layout.activty_main goes to the layout directory to get the xml
        renaming an xml element - now asks if you want to update all ref to it - cool
        can type up setonclick listener in oncreate method. need to define button etc variables in class and onclick in oncreate
        or can put a new method name in xml onclick property and define it outside of oncreate. This probably gets executed when layout is inflated. Does not need variables for view types eiter

todo 54
        += increments and adds to the same variable
        Use NumberFormat class to get format instance and apply it to the int value and then convert to string.

todo 55
        when we are adding a toast - need to pass context from get app context.
        Context knows whats on the screen and therefore where we need to ref to android internals, we need context
        Can put it in strings adn use R.strings.messagenames

todo 56
        use getResources if you want to get a resource instead of direclty using R (except for findviewbyID)
        alternately can use Color class and pass black etc
        switch and case is pretty good. if you want incremental changes (changes to remain between case 1 adn case 2 etc)

todo 58
        Everything we do is java api - but there are native levels below it - HAL et

todo 59
        Manifest has to have all activities registered
        Action and category of first activity is main and launcher
        Alos has the icon
        Also has the theme
        Also has permisssion

todo 60
        setcontentview has the layout file to use - change it to get a different screen